# Project Title: Conversion App
## Project Description: We have developed an App using java which converts numbers from one system to another. For example, you can easily convert binary number to decimal, octal, hexadecimal number. We have made it very simple and you can easily convert one to other among binary, decimal, octal, and hexadecimal. We can also convert ASCII to Char and vive versa. There are two portions in this App or buttons. Fisrt button named as 'Number' which converts numbers system conversion like decimal to binary etc and the other button named as 'ASCII/Char' which converts char to ASCII and vice versa. If you wanna convert in number from one base to another then press 'Number' button and 'ASCII/Char' for char to ASCII and vice versa. 
### Software and Libraries Used: 
javafx.application.Application, javafx.fxml.FXMLLoader, javafx.scene.Parent, javafx.scene.Scene, javafx.stage.Stage, javafx.event.ActionEvent, javafx.fxml.FXML, javafx.scene.control.Button, javafx.scene.control.RadioButton, javafx.scene.control.TextArea, javafx.scene.control.TextField, javafx.scene.control.ToggleGroup, and we used FXML to decorate the app. SceneBuilder.
### Installation Instruction: Download FXML library and save it in your PC in a separate file. Download 'SceneBuilder' and install it. When you started to run the project in INtellij then go 'file' then go to 'project structure' then 'Libraries' then add the FXML library by going to the portion where you have saved that library then the project will work. 
### Planned App's Features List: Converting decimal to binary and vice versa, decimal to octal and vice versa, decimal to hexadecimal and vice versa, Integers to ASCII and vice versa, conversion of to any given bases, degree to radian and vice versa and many other converions.
### List of Completed Features: Converting decimal to binary and vice versa, decimal to octal and vice versa, decimal to hexadecimal and vice versa, Char to ASCII and vice versa. 
### List of Features Yet To Implement: We need to make this App in such a way that should Convert numbers to any given base. we need to implement many other conversions like degree to radian and vice versa etc. 
#### Authors: Abbosjon Madiev and Arfan Shah
